
Uh - Hello? Hello, hello?
Uh - I wanted to record a message to help you get settled in
for the night at the office.
I'm - uh - actually doing some testing for Team Forever right
now, so they want me to introduce you to your job.
Now, I know this place may be a bit... stranger
than what you've heard about.
But I'm here to tell you there's nothing to worry about.
You'll do fine!
So, let's just focus on getting you through your first week.
Uh, let's see.
First, there's an introductory greeting that I'm supposed
to read. 
It goes something like this: Thank you for accepting the
Ideas Manager Position at Team Forever. This will be a
minimal-contact role, as you will be responsible for
maintaining and monitoring the various assets left over
from projects. Team Forever is not responsible for damage
to property or personnel. In the event of damage or ...
death... please contact the support email. A report will be
completed within 3 to 5 weeks.
Yeahhh. Standard stuff. Now I know you're wondering why you
accepted this position, how you got into this building,
or why your legs are tied to the chair, but none of that
is important right now. Just focus on your paycheck, and
you'll be good.
So, uh... let me fill you in on what's actually in the building.
So first, there's ... Soink, eh, you'll know him when you see
him. Pure dark green, a bit cocky, I'd say. Old concept
art. Been around forever.
Then there's that... uh... orange serpent, not too sure what's
going on with that, but I know the team ABSOLUTELY wants
that one saved for ... some godforsaken reason.
Lastly, there's the emerald shrine, probably the only one
you actually know, haha ... ha ... ha.
Other than that, it's mostly just... leftovers. Stuff that 
never got used or has served its purpose. Pretty easy job, right?
Now, you might notice them moving around a bit. Nothing unusual, 
not like this place has a lot of exciting things at night anyway. 
Can't really blame them. There's also something in the Timely Corner, 
I think... but I haven't heard much about that one. 
Probably nothing important.
Uh... as for your role. There is one thing you need to watch out for. 
The team really doesn't want any of these assets getting out ... ever. 
That's why you're here to keep an eye on the exit. The problem is... 
they might try to leave. And if they do, they'll probably go through 
you to get there since the only exit is ... directly behind you. Y-Yeah, 
they don't really tell you these things on the Bluesky post, but hey, 
you've got the cameras and doors to shut to stop them, plus I'm sure you've 
played something like this before, so I'm sure you'll be fine.
Well, I think you're good for the week. Just check the cameras, but only 
close the doors if you absolutely need to. It's not infinite power, you know? 
Alright, good night.

Uh, Hello? Hello? 
Well if you're hearing this, then congrats on surviving the first night!
I won't talk as much as last time 'cause the assets tend to move around 
more as the week progresses. Uh, in fact, you should probably take a 
look at those cameras while I'm talking to make sure anybody doesn't - 
eh - get out. You know, uh, funnily enough the serpent guy 
doesn't come off stage much, though he does tend to hide in the dark. 
Guess that's just another reason not to run out of power right, hahahaha...
Oh and um, I was told that the character in the Timely Corner actually 
tends to move more the less he's watched, so keep an extra eye on him.
They also told me to fill you in on the CD project's name too, um... 
According to them, and I quote 'Sonic CD is about exploration, and we 
really wanted to bring that to the forefront of the experience of our 
project. For that reason we've chosen the name—
Oh shit, um, see you on the flip-

Hello, Hello? 
Hey it's great to see you made it to night 3! Most people 
don't last this long!.. They died of course, um, but 
you've got some real talent! Anyway I best not take up much 
of your time as things start getting real tonight. Uh, I actually 
got a story for you from the team. 'I expected the sear to hit 
me, but as I came to my senses I found myself glowing... flying? 
A mysterious power had come to my aid and now I could face 
the creature as a foe, not a vict-

Oh, um, make sure to check the cameras for that orange 
serpent frequently. From what I understand, once he 
moves he doesn't go back, so try keeping an eye on him.
Uh, I guess I'll see you tomorrow night then.

Hello, Hello? 
Hey, wow, night 4! You're a natural!
Have you gotten any other stories from the team? Oh, wait, 
this is a recording you can't respond to. More reading for me then! 
'I saw the vastness of Mobius beneath me. The vast oceans, bejewelled 
with luscious emerald islands. This beauty overwhelmed me for a 
few miraculous seconds until reality hit me; I was going to die. 
The atmosphere would burn me up as I reached speeds even I would 
consider madness, and there was nothing I could do to stop it.'
Well anyway, that's all I got for tonight. Until next time!

Uh, Hello, hello? 
Night 5, wow! You're better at this than I am, heh...
Um, I won't be able to record any messages for tomorrow so 
I might as well share one last story... Goes like this: 'I'll never 
forget that night. All that yelling as mama packed her bags. Fighting 
over who wrote the drop dash code and who was keeping the menus and 
where the engine would go.' 

Oh, um... hey big guy... Maybe we could talk this ou—
QUEIWRIOJEMFENFEUNFUIEFOMEFIGRMPOGMRIGJIOGMIROGMRUIOGNRUOGMIFMEIOGNEIOGMROGNRIOUGMROIG


